1.
Quick Access Toolbar is a set of commands that are independent of the currently displayed tab on the ribbon.
File Tab contains a set of commands that are similar to the File menu in earlier versions of Excel.
Title Bar displays the name of the application and the name of the spreadsheet.
Control Buttons are objects that can be placed on an Excel worksheet to interact with data.
Menu Bar gives access to different commands that are used for tasks such as opening and closing files, printing documents, formatting data, and other operations.
Ribbon/Toolbar is to the left of the Minimize icon and contains a variety of commands that are organized into tabs.

2.
Businesses use Excel to store, visualize, and analyze data. Some example business use-cases include:

Inventory tracking and management
Financial analysis
Project management
Sales forecasting
Customer relationship management (CRM)

3.
To add custom tabs to the Excel ribbon, follow these steps:

Go to the File tab and click Options.
In the Excel Options dialog box, click Customize Ribbon.
In the Customize the Ribbon dialog box, click the New Tab button.
In the New Tab dialog box, enter a name for the new tab.
Click the Add button to add the new tab to the ribbon.
Drag the new tab to the desired location on the ribbon.
In the Commands list, select the commands that you want to add to the new tab.
Click the Add button to add the commands to the new tab.
Click the OK button to close the Customize the Ribbon dialog box.

4.
The keyboard shortcuts for formatting text in Excel are:

Italicize text or remove italic formatting: Ctrl+I or Ctrl+3
Bold text or remove bold formatting: Ctrl+B or Ctrl+2
Underline text or remove underline: Ctrl+U or Ctrl+4
Apply or remove strikethrough formatting: Ctrl+5

5.
There are many benefits to learning Excel, including:

Increased productivity: Excel can help you to automate tasks and save time.
Improved data analysis: Excel can help you to analyze data and make better decisions.
Enhanced communication: Excel can help you to create professional-looking reports and presentations.
Job opportunities: Excel is a valuable skill in the workplace, and knowing how to use it can help you to get a job or get promoted.

6.
To add a header or footer to an Excel worksheet, follow these steps:

Go to the Insert tab and click Header & Footer.
In the Header & Footer dialog box, click the Header or Footer tab.
In the Header or Footer text box, enter the text that you want to appear in the header or footer.
Click the OK button to close the Header & Footer dialog box.
I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any other questions.
